Obviously can't drink
Why are you still blocking the wine for me?
Mr. Li, I am your secretary
Of course it's up to me to classify it for you
And also because of me
That's why I caused you so much trouble
Keep it that way.
What's wrong? Nothing
I'll go first
Mr. Li, I heard it all
Miss Ming said that she only regards you as her boss
Are you angry? Shut up.
Hey
Xiao Yuhang, why are you at my house?
As your boyfriend
Isn't it normal to have your key?
We broke up a long time ago
Get out and ask me to go
Okay, we've been together for four years
I haven't touched you yet.
If you make me feel comfortable today
I'm leaving right now
If you don't cry anymore, will I call the police?
Call the police.
The more you don't let me touch it
The more I want to touch it
Go away let me go
Go away, let go of me, go away, go away
Be honest
I was there a month ago
I see your clothes
Unorganized from Yunhai Hotel
Why can you sleep with another man?
Can't sleep with me
Ah let me go